fontName         = SourceCodePro-Regular
fontSize         = 11
lineEndings      = '\n'
showInvisibles   = false
showWrapColumn   = true
softTabs         = true
softWrap         = true
spellChecking    = true
spellingLanguage = de
tabSize          = 4
wrapColumn       = 80

[ *.conf ]
fileType         = source.nginx

[ *.conf.default ]
fileType         = source.nginx

[ *.js ]
fileType         = source.js

[ *.md ]
fileType         = text.html.markdown

[ *.out ]
fileType         = text.plain

[ *.pl ]
fileType         = source.prolog

[ *.scad ]
fileType         = source.scad

[ *.sco ]
fileType         = text.plain

[ *.sh ]
fileType         = source.shell

[ *.st ]
fileType         = source.smalltalk

[ *.styl ]
fileType         = source.stylus

[ *.svg ]
fileType         = text.xml.svg

[ *.txt ]
fileType         = source.c

[ *.types ]
fileType         = source.nginx

[ *.types.default ]
fileType         = text.plain

[ *.vmx ]
fileType         = text.plain


[ searchAndReplace ]
fileType         = source.js

[ source ]
showInvisibles   = false
softTabs         = true
softWrap         = false
tabSize          = 4

[ source.c ]
showInvisibles   = false
softWrap         = false

[ source.c++ ]
showInvisibles   = false
softTabs         = true
softWrap         = false
tabSize          = 4

[ source.css ]
showInvisibles   = false

[ source.java ]
showInvisibles   = false

[ source.js ]
showInvisibles   = false

[ source.nginx ]
softTabs         = true

[ source.scad ]
showInvisibles   = false
tabSize          = 4

[ source.shell ]
showInvisibles   = false
softTabs         = true

[ source.yaml ]
showInvisibles   = true
softTabs         = true
tabSize          = 2

[ text ]
showInvisibles   = false
softTabs         = false
spellChecking    = true
tabSize          = 4

[ text.html ]
showInvisibles   = false
softWrap         = true
spellChecking    = true
tabSize          = 4

[ text.html.basic ]
showInvisibles   = false

[ text.html.markdown ]
showInvisibles   = true
softWrap         = true
spellChecking    = true
tabSize          = 4

[ text.plain ]
showInvisibles   = true
tabSize          = 4

[ text.tabular ]
showInvisibles   = false
softTabs         = false
tabSize          = 4

[ text.tabular.tsv ]
showInvisibles   = false
softTabs         = false
tabSize          = 4

[ text.xml ]
showInvisibles   = true
softWrap         = false

[ text.xml.svg ]
showInvisibles   = true
softWrap         = false
